@namespace 'parser {
  @def-fn 'parse ['toks 'tree] {
   @let [
      ['step { @next-step-parsed toks }]
      [['consumed 'rest] { @step-tokens-partition step }]
      ['result { @step-result step }]
    ] {
      @parse rest @tree/ ;; message passing?
    }
  }
}



functional provides a clear delineation between values and transformations on values, cf. category theory.
what is the functional couterpart to interfaces in OO for developing scalable software?
revision of interfaces with standards

key issues with software:

changing one thing breaks other things that talk to it. how do we design good object graphs?






* the code is just a series of messages sent to objects
* perhaps each 'object' on has a single message: sounds like functional, but inherently async (a message send is unidirectional, but you can provide a return address ;) )

the 'resolve table' is now just a cloud of named objects.

what is a 'message'? what is an 'object'/'method'?
message = data, some value object, a string/number/symbol/list/
method = 'receives' a 'message' and may send other messages

method is a 'paused snapshot' of a sequence of messages. a message sequence template?

method does not need to have 'args' -- it could receive a single 'context' object/value which contains everything the method needs, if anything

functional assumed a separate method `parse` which was responsible for evaluating a method call -- vm, basically.

simultaneous development of language/dsl/wire protocol for message sequences, and vm/object graph model


```

# values should be accessible by name
foo
#> 3


# we can construct 'full objects' as a tree with a value object at the root, and methods hanging off. the methods use the root value object.

```

graph of objects feels intuitive. where are the values?!

perhaps the 'object graph' or 'function graph' is the dual of the 'value graph'. on the value graph, objects are values and morphisms are transformations on the values. in an object graph, methods (value-transformers) send values along their edges and values flow through the methods.

values flow through methods, and methods connect values.



```
# this is a comment

# every statement is a method invocation comprised of literals.
# methods have no return, an invocation is send-only.
def 'foo 3
## def('foo, 3); def ('foo 3) ; def 'foo, 3 # optionals commas/semi/parens with whitespace-insensitive matching :D

def 'bar list 'a 'b 'c
# invocation is right-associative. use parens to specify limits for variadic functions or aid readability if needed
spread-into '+ join bar list 'd
spread-into '+ (join bar (list 'd))

# need some builtins...

```








maybe we're going about this the wrong way. there will never be a general-purpose language with 'perfect' minimal semantics. i just need a few dsls:
  * a dsl for maths (to implement the actual 'app logic')
  * a dsl to transpile the dsl code and package it for a target platform (to 'build the app' for web, android, and cli)
  * we need to define stub methods for 'math' which map onto native target code (so we can shim the math dsl and the canvas, time, and locations apis so we're just doing math directly :DD)
  * a dsl for drawing (we want the design as high level code represented in a dsl compatible with math, so we can use them together and compile down to the native canvas libraries via the shim dsl)

what is needed to construct all of this jenk?
  * how do we represent one language inside another? we need something to help with defining multiple dsls and plumbing them together

  or... maybe we can make shit up as we go along (agile) :DDD

solartime/
  src/
    maths/
      dsl/
      app/
    build/
      dsl/
      app/
    stubs/
      dsl/
      app/
    drawing/
      dsl/
      app/
  vendor/
    dslr/

dslr/
  src/
    ???


* maths/app/circle.maths
* maths/dsl/maths.js.dslr
* maths/test/circle.maths.js.expected
